ASP.NET LIFE CYCLE
 
Initialization - instantiation of page controls
Recovery and upkeep of the state
Executin of event handlers
Redering of Page

requestiong of page - starting ofpage life cycle
- postback event handling -validating  loading of page - rendering of page- unloading

ASP.NETCore							
 Apps can be built either for Windows, Macs, or Linux.

Apps can be built only for Windows

Rommended when developing a Web Ul as of ASP.NET Core 2.x is Razor Pagys

Recommended when developing a Web Ul use Web SignalR, MVC, Web APL, or Web pages.

Many versions can be utilized per machow.


ASP.NET
Only one version can be utilized per machine.

Apps can be created with the help of Visual Studio, Visual Studio for Mac, or Visual

Apps can be created with the help of Visual Studio unting C#, VII, cr Fe.

Stasho Code plech

Performance is better than ASP.NE

Performance is le than ASP.NET Core.

Choose either NET Framework runtime ET Core

Developers must use NET Framework runtime.



Features of ASP.NET Core 5.0 for performance Improvement

Blazor

• Framework to design client-side applications.

Languages: C#/Razor and HTML

Signalk

• Open-source library to Integrate real-time functionality into enterprise

Web applications

Dapper

• Object Mapper that bridges gap between databases and programiming languages



Active Server Pages (ASP) was developed with an aim to generate Web content capable of f changing based on the interaction with the user.

With the help of ASP.NET, developers can Website flawlessly and with a simple code. integrate important elements of a business

The ASP.NET lifecycle can be Centre Application Lifecycle and Page Lifecycle.

The lifecycle of an ASP.NET page is back. I on whether the page request is new or a post

tech

ASP.NET Core is a new open-source and cross-platform framework that helps developers to create novel cloud-based internet associated applications.

ASP.NET is an established framework that offers all the elements necessary to develop enterprise-grade, server-based Web apps on Windows.

ASP.NET Core helps in developing apps on not just Windows operating system, but also on MacOS and Linux.

ASP.NET collaborates with popular JavaScript frameworks.

Blazor is a new .NET Web framework use for developing client-side applications in C#/Razor and HTML.

Dapper is a straightforward (ORM). Object Mapper that performs Object-Relational Mapping